Now that we had a closer look at arrays, a super important data structure in Javascript,
let's have a look at objects as well because objects are an even more important data structure in Javascript,
actually
arrays are just objects in the end and with objects, we can do a lot in Javascript. They're super important
for grouping data,
for also grouping functionality, something we haven't really done yet but which we'll also dive deeper
and deeper into in this module and the subsequent modules and a lot of things in Javascript are objects.
For example when we work with the DOM, where we add a movie here with this form, if we have a look at
that code there, of course our movie which we add is a Javascript object which we use to save the data
about a movie in our code so that we can work with it
but every DOM node to which we get access with get element by ID or any other selection method or
any DOM node we create with create element,
all these things are in the end just objects, just Javascript objects, sometimes created by us as in the
case of new movie where we use this curly brace syntax and in other times, created by the browser for
us where we then just get access to these created objects,
for example with such selection methods. So objects are everywhere in Javascript, they're super important
and there's so much you can do with them.
So in this module, we will have a closer look at objects,
what we can do with them, which different syntax features we have to work with them and much more.